>> Mike North: Let's transition
back to implementing this.
We're gonna need some new types and
we're going to need some new entities.
And let's get cooking.
So we're going to go
back to our types folder.
We have entities to create.
Not our dist folder,
our source entities folder.
And I'm going to close out some of
the stuff from the last exercise.
Let's see, we have a little
bit of a starting point here.
We have a garden and I think it looks
like there's something complicated here.
A function that generates a type.
So we're gonna create a WorkspaceSchema.
Oops, this is actually not right.
But it's a good opportunity for
us to go and fix this.
What we want is to build
on this concept of zone.
So zone, if we think about
our other bounded context.
I'm going to go back to this, right,
We've got workspace,
that's the garden zone.
That's the bed within the garden.
Item placement, we'll call that the plant
item is kind of the seed packet, right?
It's the source of information for
what is this thing all about?
Let's look at workspace,
not zone, workspace type.
It says create workspace schema for
item type.
We can see great takes in some arguments.
That's like the item type, the metadata
for the workspace, the metadata for
the zone, it's got an array of zones and
then it's got some metadata.
So we have opportunity for
metadata on the garden and
then a zone below that
we've got placements.
So those are like ItemPlacements.
To put like a placement would have to
have an XYCoordinate of some sort.
And let's see if that looks right.
Hey, look, we've got a position
with an XYCoordinate and an item.
And this might.
This might be a seed packet or
something like that.
And then what does it belong to?
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Have you tried using, sorry,
have you tried using Cursor to
scaffold some of these types before?
>> Mike North: Absolutely.
Cursor is quite good at
scaffolding these types.
And especially, my big pro tip here
would be if you have an entity that's
related to this, leave that
information in the code comments.
Leave yourself a little path relative
to your project route to follow so
that if Cursor finds itself updating this,
one of the first things it does
is it reads the entire file.
And if you've left notes, whenever
you update this, make sure to go and
check that it threads
through this other thing,
Cursor will be pretty good
at figuring that out.
I'm not doing that right now because
I would just start typing a couple
characters and it would just be
spitting out a lot of things, and
it gets a little bit more difficult
to kind of follow what's going on.
So we've got item placement,
we've got zone, and we've got workspace.
So let's back up here and go to garden.
Great.
So we've got create workspace schema for
item type, we pass in the plant schema,
we pass in some object that
represents metadata on the zone.
I believe that's what this is.
Zone metadata schema is the first one, and
then workspace metadata
schema is the second one.
Just double checking that.
Yep, zone and workspace, great.